README.md, before:

Name:

Compilation and Run Successful:

Unit Test Run Successfully:

# Project 1 - CSC 413 Spring 2016
###DUE Friday, September 23 by 5:00 PM

## Instructions
 This project is very simple, and is intended to get you familiarized
 with Git, GitHub and the GitHub Classroom system that we will be 
 using this semester.
 
 Classroom allows each of you to have a unique private GitHub repository
 that the instructor can access and view your work.  For this project
 all you will be doing is modifying the readme file (this file) to
 indicate if you were successful in compiling your project locally, 
 of if not to document your problems.
 
 Instructions
 1. In Android Studio, setup your GitHub account.
 2. Follow the GitHub classroom link that was emailed to you to.
 3. Using Android Studio's "Check out project from version control", 
 check out csc413project1 from GitHub.
 4. Compile and run the program on your machine.
 5. Run the MainActvityTest on your machine.
 6. At the very top of the readme file where incicated, write your
 name, if you could get the program compile and run, and if you could
 get the unit test run on the program.  If you had any problems, please
 describe these problems.

## Problems with Android Studio and Git/GitHub
  If you are having trouble using the builtin Git tools in Android 
  Studio after cloning the project, use the command line git tool to 
  add, commit, and push the necessary files. Go to the root directory 
  of the project, and you can see what has been modified by typing 
  `git status`.

## Submissions
 When you have completed the task, commit and push to the repo.

Commit message:

Modified README file with details confirming success in compile and run as well as passing both local Unit Tests.
Added numberSigned type to EditText inputType to allow entry of negative values.

README.md, after:

Name: Walter J. Galan

Compilation and Run Successful: compilation and run were both successful.

Unit Test Run Successfully: local Unit Test Run successful

# Project 1 - CSC 413 Spring 2016
###DUE Friday, September 23 by 5:00 PM

## Instructions
 This project is very simple, and is intended to get you familiarized
 with Git, GitHub and the GitHub Classroom system that we will be 
 using this semester.
 
 Classroom allows each of you to have a unique private GitHub repository
 that the instructor can access and view your work.  For this project
 all you will be doing is modifying the readme file (this file) to
 indicate if you were successful in compiling your project locally, 
 of if not to document your problems.
 
 Instructions
 1. In Android Studio, setup your GitHub account.
 2. Follow the GitHub classroom link that was emailed to you to.
 3. Using Android Studio's "Check out project from version control", 
 check out csc413project1 from GitHub.
 4. Compile and run the program on your machine.
 5. Run the MainActivityTest on your machine.
 6. At the very top of the readme file where indicated, write your
 name, if you could get the program compile and run, and if you could
 get the unit test run on the program.  If you had any problems, please
 describe these problems.

## Problems with Android Studio and Git/GitHub
  If you are having trouble using the builtin Git tools in Android 
  Studio after cloning the project, use the command line git tool to 
  add, commit, and push the necessary files. Go to the root directory 
  of the project, and you can see what has been modified by typing 
  `git status`.

## Submissions
 When you have completed the task, commit and push to the repo.
